Readme.markdown, before:

QR Code generator library - C++
===============================

2025-04-07, Charon: taken from https://github.com/nayuki/QR-Code-generator/tree/master/cpp and adapted to run with watcom 1.9 C++98 compiler. Using the provided Makefile it runs on a 8088 CPU on MSDOS. All QrCodeGeneratorDemo cases run fine, but you might need a somwhat bigger Console Window to be able to scan the qr codes (I used 132x60 on doxbox-x). Small ones should show up correctly. Later I plan to add some graphics mode to show qr codes better.


Introduction
------------

This project aims to be the best, clearest QR Code generator library. The primary goals are flexible options and absolute correctness. Secondary goals are compact implementation size and good documentation comments.

Home page with live JavaScript demo, extensive descriptions, and competitor comparisons: https://www.nayuki.io/page/qr-code-generator-library


Features
--------

Core features:

* Significantly shorter code but more documentation comments compared to competing libraries
* Supports encoding all 40 versions (sizes) and all 4 error correction levels, as per the QR Code Model 2 standard
* Output format: Raw modules/pixels of the QR symbol
* Detects finder-like penalty patterns more accurately than other implementations
* Encodes numeric and special-alphanumeric text in less space than general text
* Coded carefully to prevent memory corruption, integer overflow, platform-dependent inconsistencies, and undefined behavior; tested rigorously to confirm safety
* Open-source code under the permissive MIT License

Manual parameters:

* User can specify minimum and maximum version numbers allowed, then library will automatically choose smallest version in the range that fits the data
* User can specify mask pattern manually, otherwise library will automatically evaluate all 8 masks and select the optimal one
* User can specify absolute error correction level, or allow the library to boost it if it doesn't increase the version number
* User can create a list of data segments manually and add ECI segments

More information about QR Code technology and this library's design can be found on the project home page.


Examples
--------

```c++
#include <string>
#include <vector>
#include "qrcodegen.hpp"
using namespace qrcodegen;

// Simple operation
QrCode qr0 = QrCode::encodeText("Hello, world!", QrCode::MEDIUM);
std::string svg = toSvgString(qr0, 4);  // See QrCodeGeneratorDemo

// Manual operation
std::vector<QrSegment> segs =
    QrSegment::makeSegments("3141592653589793238462643383");
QrCode qr1 = QrCode::encodeSegments(
    segs, QrCode::Ecc::HIGH, 5, 5, 2, false);
for (int y = 0; y < qr1.getSize(); y++) {
    for (int x = 0; x < qr1.getSize(); x++) {
        (... paint qr1.getModule(x, y) ...)
    }
}
```

More complete set of examples: https://github.com/nayuki/QR-Code-generator/blob/master/cpp/QrCodeGeneratorDemo.cpp .

Commit message:

qrcode now shown in cga

Readme.markdown, after:

QR Code generator library - C++
===============================

2025-04-07, Charon: taken from https://github.com/nayuki/QR-Code-generator/tree/master/cpp and adapted to run with watcom 1.9 C++98 compiler. Using the provided Makefile it runs on a 8088 CPU on MSDOS. All QrCodeGeneratorDemo cases run, qrcodes are shown in CGA 4 colors, 320x200.

Introduction
------------

This project aims to be the best, clearest QR Code generator library. The primary goals are flexible options and absolute correctness. Secondary goals are compact implementation size and good documentation comments.

Home page with live JavaScript demo, extensive descriptions, and competitor comparisons: https://www.nayuki.io/page/qr-code-generator-library


Features
--------

Core features:

* Significantly shorter code but more documentation comments compared to competing libraries
* Supports encoding all 40 versions (sizes) and all 4 error correction levels, as per the QR Code Model 2 standard
* Output format: Raw modules/pixels of the QR symbol
* Detects finder-like penalty patterns more accurately than other implementations
* Encodes numeric and special-alphanumeric text in less space than general text
* Coded carefully to prevent memory corruption, integer overflow, platform-dependent inconsistencies, and undefined behavior; tested rigorously to confirm safety
* Open-source code under the permissive MIT License

Manual parameters:

* User can specify minimum and maximum version numbers allowed, then library will automatically choose smallest version in the range that fits the data
* User can specify mask pattern manually, otherwise library will automatically evaluate all 8 masks and select the optimal one
* User can specify absolute error correction level, or allow the library to boost it if it doesn't increase the version number
* User can create a list of data segments manually and add ECI segments

More information about QR Code technology and this library's design can be found on the project home page.


Examples
--------

```c++
#include <string>
#include <vector>
#include "qrcodegen.hpp"
using namespace qrcodegen;

// Simple operation
QrCode qr0 = QrCode::encodeText("Hello, world!", QrCode::MEDIUM);
std::string svg = toSvgString(qr0, 4);  // See QrCodeGeneratorDemo

// Manual operation
std::vector<QrSegment> segs =
    QrSegment::makeSegments("3141592653589793238462643383");
QrCode qr1 = QrCode::encodeSegments(
    segs, QrCode::Ecc::HIGH, 5, 5, 2, false);
for (int y = 0; y < qr1.getSize(); y++) {
    for (int x = 0; x < qr1.getSize(); x++) {
        (... paint qr1.getModule(x, y) ...)
    }
}
```

More complete set of examples: https://github.com/nayuki/QR-Code-generator/blob/master/cpp/QrCodeGeneratorDemo.cpp .
